docs(dropdowns): Document loader in virtualizaiton limitation (#1425)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/common/dropdowns-virtualization.md

#limitations
* When the initially selected item/items are on a page different than the first one, opening the dropdown list will NOT scroll the list to the selected item.

> * When virtualization is enabled, we are internally calculating the position of the items. In this case, the loading indicators are not displayed as they would affect the proper positioning of the items. The loading animation will be updated in a future version of UI for Blazor to affect virtualized popup as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When virtualization is enabled, the component calculates the position of the items. In this case, the loading indicators are not displayed as they would affect the proper item positioning. This limitation will be removed in a future version of UI for Blazor.
```
